Feat/toggle auto update (#1312)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: Changelog.minor.md

## Unreleased

> - #1312: Toggle auto-update feature on/off in persisted store when installing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #1312: Toggle autoupdate feature on or off in persisted store when installing
```

>   any version (latest = on, other = off)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  any version (latest = on, other = off).
```
